Location #: 505 Ticket No.:
yt J xe
as
- wm [= Chicago Port Railroad
|
Vim ti | 5113819
4
11701 S Torrence Ave,
Chicago, IL
Date 4/1/2025
Check In 6:10 am
Ticket Out: 6:29 am
Customer : 20654 Ontario Trap Rock US Total Minutes In Yard 19
-
Order: NS74THGI NS 74TH & GREENWOOD
P.O#: OTR# 40007491 Dispatch Order: 40007491
Contract: Reference No.:
Product: Product Description: Weight:
2RB AREMA #3-2" 22.39 Ton
Vehicle : 321 Ordered 600.00
Carrier: 321 Received 43.65
Broker: Z-Force IDOT P/S #: Remaining 556.35
Driver Instructions: Today Qty: 43.65 Loads:
ehicle Last Tare Date 4/1/25
Track Supervisor- Alex Pearson
Pounds Tons
Division- Great Lakes Gross: 72360 36.18
Tare 27580 13.79
Division Engineer- Rick Meredith
Net: 44730 22.39
Weighmaster: T.R.
*DUMP LOADS MUST BE TARPED*
DRIVER CERTIFIES THAT GROSS WEIGHT
IS LEGAL LOAD FOR THIS TRUCK
General Terms and Conditions
Application These Terms and Conditions apply to every sale of any materials ("Products"), by Ontario Trap Rock, its subsidiaries or affiliates (collectively, "OTR") to the customer (the "Customer").
Orders All orders must be placed at a minimum -of one full business day in advance
Pricing OTR the right to with a30 days’ written notice or according to contract terms. Increases in any applicable taxes will be implemented immediately.
reserves increase pricing
The Customer shall OTR the of the Products within thirty(30) days from the date of receiving an invoice from OTR. OTR's prices do not include applicable
Invoicing and Payment pay to price
taxes. Taxes will be added to the price quoted and appear as a separate line item on the Customer's Invoice. Late Charges on balances over sixty (60) days from date of invoice will be charged at a
rate of 1.5% compounded monthly for effective rate of 19.56% per annum until paid. OTR reserves the right to cease providing Services if accounts are sixty(60) days past due
an
Site Access The Client shall furnish suitable including roads, waterways and entryways to the point of unloading and reloading in order to facilitate the efficient maneuvering of OTR
access,
shall location for the Products that flat and easily accessible. The Customer shall be responsible for any damages, fines, fees, or other costs incurred by OTR
vehicles. The Customer prepare a is
the site, where public private roadways dirtied by thetrucks a result of the conditions of the access roads and entryways. OTR shall assume no
in accessing including situations or are as
responsibility for any damages associated with any deliveries
OTR will make effort deliver and pick-up during regular business hours the day of delivery or pickup, but shall not be responsible for any delays caused by inclement weather,
Delivery every to on
traffic strikes. of material, mechanical breakdown other reason beyond its control. This receipt of the Products by the Customer, their representatives,
conditions, lockouts, shortages or any
employees or agents shall constitute full acceptance by the Customer for the Products.
The Customer shall defend, indemnify and hold harmless OTR from and and all claims, losses, damages, liabilities, costs, fines, penalties and expenses including, without
Indemnity against any
limitation, reasonable legal fees, for injury death to persons, or loss or damage to property. arising out of or relating to the operation, handling, transportation or use of the Products by or
or
while the of the Customer, it's employees, agents, contractors, or carriers. The herein indemnity also includes any claims made against OTR associated with any charges or
in possession
fines levied the Ontario Occupational Health & Safety Act and its regulations or any equally applicable legislation regarding occupational health and workplace safety
pursuant to
is limited deliver and collect Products in good condition and working order. OTR shall not be liable for any direct or indirect loss or damage
Liability The liability of OTR to its express obligation to
of the Customer resulting from subsequent failure of the containers, comfort station and equipment or from the lack of suitability for the work it may be required to perform. The Customer agrees
any
that in shall OTR's total liability arising out of connected with the provisions of the Products shall exceed ten percent:(10%) of the value of the Products in question provided
no event or in any way
by OTR under the applicable purchase order.
made clear business the scheduled date subject to cancellation fee of ten percent(10%) of the applicable purchase order. No
“ancellations Cancellations or changes one day prior to service are a
cancellation of an order will be accepted after the Product has been loaded at OTR's facilities
Units All prices quoted per metric tonne for Canada and short tonnes in the US.
Pricing Quoted prices are valid for 30 days from original quote day unless specified in a separate contract.
liable including HST, duties, fees, levies charges that be imposed by payable to any government authority in connection with the purchase
Taxes The Customer shall be to pay any taxes, or may or
of aggregates (including any increases in TOARC fees in Ontario).
Quantities supplied determined based scales ticket provided at the OTR aggregate operation site or dock.
Quantities are on
Spe ication and Testing All testing of aggregates for compliance with specifications shall be based upon OTR's test results during production and where additional tests are requested, shall be
obtained from the stockpiles located OTR's aggregates operations dock, unless otherwise agreed to in writing by OTR. No other test results will be
bas ~iwpon samples directly aggregate at or
accey d
Received: